---
coming_soon: false
title: Past & Future Courses
layout: page
img: mix.jpg
---
___

# Future Courses


## Agricademy

**Understand agriculture in an ecosystem to innovate with agriculture techniques & tools**

#### Basic Information

The same principle as FabAcademy: a tour of techniques, students have to document and deepen each week, hands on experience & exercices.

Schedule / growing time / seasons : Projects need a long time : growing of plants, balanced ecosystems reaching. A one-year cycle gives the opportunity to watch progress and understand seasons and climate. Schedule could be concentrated in the fall, and reviews could be extended for one year.

Possibilities for “rural” and “urban” choices. Nodes could have different infrastructure : greenhouses, fields, food gardens, rooftops … Local instructor help students to search, and will probably specialise in relation to the node infrastructure.

Subjects , not in order, can be merged or spread on more than one week :

#### Ecosystems 

plant cycle, needs, water, sun/lighting, soils, diseases / Time & seasons , climate
plant sexual reproduction or asexual/rhizome/stolons/pollination/seeds… genetics
3D layers : canopy layer/dwarf layer/shrub layer/soil surface/vertical(vines)/ground cover
wildlife, insects, birds, animals… mycorrhiza / symbiotic / predation
soil and plant measure : dry mass, NPK , fertiliser…
agriculture history and evolution in local context
Economics & Agriculture

Different agriculture methods and tools :

- Agricultural machinery : Heavy metal welding - hydraulic/electric/… tillage, mechanical or chemical preparation… organic/intensive farming…

- Greenhouse/ climate adaptation / principle : DIY tunnels , thermal mass, watering …

- Self-loop ecosystems : aquaponics/hydroponics - algaes - insects / Growing material: mushroom, algae, kombucha, kefir …

- Derivative products : textile, transformation…

- Electronics in harsh conditions : Enclosure / External power / Low power

- “Precision Farming” : RTK positioning , Self-driving , Farmebot , Robotics …

- Measure & Forecast : Satellite - Image analysis - drones / Image recognition - insect - flowers - diseases … / sensors & IOT / Weather forecast implementation for culture

Optional :

> How to conserve vegetables for food : fermenting, dehydration, freezing, food for canning …

> Food & Cooking technologies: different heating technique for cooking, … , flour, beer, …


## How to Design (Almost) Anything

More info coming soon...

___


# Past Courses 

## Why to make (Almost) Anything

In 2017, acclaimed artist [Olafur Eliasson](https://www.olafureliasson.net/) collaborated with the Academany network to offer a course focused on the WHY of making instead of giving people command of the tools for making or growing (almost) anything.

Olafur Eliasson: 

*“Why is key. An artwork is not an autonomous object and the question of why is the glue which ties together an idea, an object, a space, a user, and the world. In the context of the three recitations of Why Make (Almost) Anything, I will address inspiration and aspiration, both vital in developing the skills needed to give ideas shape – skills for thinking and doing, feeling and transforming, rendering, shaping, creating; skills for turning an idea or a proposition into a (physical) artwork or space. I will discuss consideration of the consequences of engagement with the world as constitutive of the creative process. And I will address the question of agency – of everyone and everything. This idea of the agency of things, inspired by object-oriented ontology (‘OOO’), is important to my practice. Another key concept to my work is that of hospitality, as I always strive to create artistic spaces that can host difference, spaces that are open to acknowledging a shared perspective, in which disagreeing with one another is not a conflictual encounter but a relational one.*

I strongly believe that culture can inspire people to move from thinking to doing, and it holds the potential to inspire change. In the FabLab presentations, I would like to discuss with the participants how one can activate behavioural change. Where and how do we detect civic trust in our societies and how can we generate engagement and action based on trust to instigate change?”

### 2017 Projects

The course consisted of a series of lectures, programs and projects all revolving around the subject of Why to Make, and resulted in the series **#smilingworks**:

[Kenzo Abiko](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we95dgi2Ip0&feature=youtu.be)

[Fiore Basile & Claudia Simonelli](https://fibasile.github.io/whytomake2017/)

[Antonio Grillo](http://archive.fabacademy.org/archives/2017/fablabnapoli/smilemecca.html)

[Kamp Lintfort Students](http://archive.fabacademy.org/archives/2017/fablabkamplintfort/smilingworks.html)

[Nordic Fab Labs](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C7XYX2EXkAQzMw3?format=jpg&name=small)


